그놈의 여혐남혐 조장이네 뭐네 지랄좀 그만해라.

놈 - chap, jerk, thing
여혐 - women hate - misogyny 
남혐 - men hate - misandry
조장 - leader of a group
지랄 - bullshit
그만하다  - to stop / to quit
[아/어/해]라 - exclaimation
"Those bastard leaders of misogynist and misandronist groups, cut the crap!"

'남혐'이라는 단어 생긴지 1년도 안됐다.
'남혐'이라는 단어- the words which people say are misogynist
"the words which people say are misogynist didnt exist a year ago"

그리고 생겼기에 그나마 나와 다른착한들이 '착한여성' '개념녀' 가 되어야한다는 코르셋에서 벗어날 수 있게됐고, 
~기에 -> ~기 대문에 - because of something; ex.  맛있어 보이기에 - because it looked delicious 
여성 - female
착한 - kind (adj.)
개념녀 - ideal woman 
~(ㄴ/는)다 - you want to show your reaction/impression when talking about a present action/situation.
되어야하다 - it should be 
벗다 - to take off (undress)
벗어나다 - to escape, to get rid of, to be free of
"And because they formed, me and other females should act as the 'kind' or 'the ideal woman'
, become free of the corset and

1000년 넘게 있던 여혐이 당연한것이 아님을 깨닫게 됐다. 
넘게 - over; 넘다 - to have exceded
~던 - repeatedly (past)
당연한 - resonable, justified
깨닫다 - to become aware 
"for over 1000 years misogyny has existed, and I have realized that it isnt something natural"

'남혐'과 '남성에 대한 일반화'가 그리 두려우면 
과 - with, related to, and
대한 - korea?
일반화 - generalization
그리 - very, so (ie. its not sooo bad)
두렵다 - scared
"if you are very scared of generalizations related to korean misandrogy"

여혐하는 사람들한테 가서 먼저 외쳐라.
외치다 - to shout
"shout to the misogynists, 'leave first!'"

여성혐오를 멈추라고.
멈추라고 - i said stop it
"I said stop the misogyny"

여혐의 결과: 강간 살인 염산테러 ... 
결과 - result
강간 - rape, (lit.) violate
살인 - murder, homicide
염산 - hydrochloric acid 
테러 - terrorism 
"Misogyny results: rape, murder, terrorism"

남혐의 결과:
"Misandry results: ..."


Those bastard leaders of misogynist and misandronist groups, cut the crap!
The words which people say are misogynist didnt exist a year ago"
And because they formed, me and other females should act as the 'kind' or 'the ideal woman' and become free of the corset.
And for over 1000 years misogyny has existed, and I have realized that it isnt something natural.
If you are very scared of generalizations related to korean misandrogy, shout to the misogynists, 'leave first!'
I said stop the misogyny!

Misogyny results: rape, murder, terrorism
Misandry results: ...



그동안 스트레스네 뭐네 너무 제 소중한몸에 소홀했습니다
that stressful time was neglectful on my precious little adorable heart

소중 - precious
소홀 - carelessness 
















